# SUMMARY
Please use this file to write down any notes you have about the project or provide us with any feedback.

To start I built out the html structure of the menu. once that was completed I set up some simple css to have the menu fixed to the left side of the screen. Once I had the basics of the mobile style fleshed out, I set to take care of the highlighting of a specific menu item. Once I was able to add a class to the menu item that corresponds to the tab parameter in the URL, I noticed that using the `img` tag for the svgs was an issue as it removes the ability to change the fill color. I could open the file and create an svg element, but I decided to check for alternatives. I first considered the filter CSS property but `rotate-hue` isn't an exact trait and rather than mess around with it, I found [a thread on stack overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11978995/how-to-change-color-of-svg-image-using-css-jquery-svg-image-replacement) with a similar issue. The jQuery solution to convert the `img` tags to `svg` tags was a more elegant solution. While I could just build the element myself, this way the html code is muck more legible for future work and collaboration. With this out of the way, I was able to put finishing touches on styling the page till I was comfortable with it.

In terms of compatibility for older browsers, the biggest issue is obviously the SVGs themselves. I would likely create .png versions of the icons as fallbacks for the vector versions. I used transform on the icons in the responsive view, which would likely require some type of polyfill for older versions of IE. Apart from this, most of the CSS should work for a majority of browsers. I specifically chose traits that accomplish the goal well but also don't cause issues in most older browsers. If there are known issues with any older browsers I'm unaware of, I would likely research the issue leaning heavily on caniuse.org to check compatibility and preferrably have access to a resource such as browserstack to check how the page renders in a non-simulated version of these environments.
